chore: code documentation and usage (#23)
ory/elements: examples/preact-spa/README.md

## React with Elements Example

This is an example Preact project implementing Ory Elements. The project was
scaffolded by [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/).

### Get Started

```shell
git clone --depth 1 git@github.com:ory/elements.git
cd elements
npm run initialize
cd examples/preact-spa
export VITE_ORY_SDK_URL=http://localhost:4000
npm run dev -- --port 3000
```

Now run the [Ory CLI](https://www.ory.sh/docs/guides/cli/installation) tunnel.

```shell
ory tunnel http://localhost:3000 --project <project-slug> --dev
```

> The tunnel will now _mirror_ the Ory APIs under `http://localhost:4000` which we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tunnel will now _mirror_ the Ory Network APIs and make them available locally at `http://localhost:4000` which we
```

Reviewer: I don't think this is done?
